Fix/model statement (#154)
smartmind-team/thanosql-docs: docs/en/how-to_guides/ThanoSQL_query/PREDICT_SYNTAX.md

OPTIONS (
    expression [ , ...]
    )
AS
(query_expr)
```

!!! note "__Query Details__"
    - The "__OPTIONS__" clause allows you to change the value of a parameter. The definition of each parameter is as follows:
        - "table_name": the table name to be stored in the ThanoSQL workspace database. If a previously used table is specified, the existing table will be replaced by the new table with a 'predict_result' column. If not specified, the result dataframe will not be saved as a data table (str, optional)

## __3. PREDICT Example__

!!! note
    - Examples are specific to one model, and the required option values ​​or the dataset used may differ from model to model. For a detailed description of each model, refer to the [ThanoSQL Model Statement Reference](/en/how-to_guides/reference/#thanosql-model-statement-reference)
    - Because the example only works when a specific model and dataset are present, it may not run normally if copied and used as is.

```sql
%%thanosql
PREDICT USING my_product_classifier
OPTIONS (
    image_col='image_path',
    result_col='predict_result',
    table_name='product_image_test'
    )
AS
SELECT *
FROM product_image_test
```

> !!! note "AI models that can be used with '__FIT MODEL__ statement'"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note "AI models that can be used with '__PREDICT__ statement'"
```
